Add section for Sudo auth with Touch ID (#346)
sb2nov/mac-setup: iTerm/README.md

|    ⌘→    | Send Escape Sequence |  OF  |
|    ⌥←    | Send Escape Sequence |   b  |
|    ⌥→    | Send Escape Sequence |   f  |

> ### TouchID sudo workaround
> 
> If you have enabled sudo authentication with TouchID you will also need to set `Preferences -> Advanced -> Allow sessions to survive logging out and back in` to `No` in iTerm2 preferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Touch ID sudo workaround

If you have enabled sudo authentication with Touch ID you will also need to set `Preferences -> Advanced -> Allow sessions to survive logging out and back in` to `No` in iTerm2 preferences.
```

Author: Good catch, always thought the branding didn't have a space
